Know that the review is done it's time to implement it in sort of angular app in this video would be
creating the post reform along with the logic required for it.
Let's start by opening up a text editor and open up core component
here.
Create a new object which contains the features needed for user obdurately review also added a button
is able wearable which should be used to enable and disable the Post review about.
So this is our post review function but it is executed post.
But that would be disabled.
Then there was this review posted to the link.
Or Here was the response received from the server you'd be assigned to very real data.
Then we check if success on there is true.
If success is true the success message should be displayed otherwise the error message we speak.
If an error occurs on a client's site the error message should be displayed as well.
Once this is finish the post rule but then you'll be enabled again.
Now let's open up styles.
S s s
to class star food and haaf are required for the Ryding bar styling.
Moving on.
Let's open up production Pulman issue here.
On here.
If you create an entry template should be used for rating bar
here added rating bar which would display the put up rating from the pro-the rich rating rable.
Here is create a diff it will show the re-use for the proto
we're here we've created our post form which includes a clickable reading bar.
Now let's copy our energy template and then open up category.
Timo
here at the reading and the template at the end of the history of nail file.
In this review is set up a post rule for.
Now let's take a look at our app let's click on this product and review.
Here is say successfully edited review view refreshed a page
we can now see a review in set here in the next section was setting up a search API on the server side.